Remove duplicate content: Roles & Responsibilities (#18920)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/_index.md

project or you've been around a long time, and whether you self-identify as a
developer, an end user, or someone who just can't stand seeing typos.

{{% /capture %}}

{{% capture body %}}

> ## Getting Started

Reviewer: Good clarity. 👍

> Anyone can open an issue with documentation or contribute a change using a PR,

Reviewer: The "with" here suggests a reader could use documentation to open an issue, which isn't quite true and therefore possibly confusing.

Avoid "use", "using", etc. whenever possible; it's overly generic.

```suggestion
Anyone can open an issue describing problems or desired improvements with documentation, or contribute a change with a pull request (PR).
```

> but some tasks need a higher level of access in the Kubernetes organization.

Reviewer: The spatial analogy isn't immediately clear, and Kubernetes community permissions aren't hierarchical enough for a "higher" analogy to automatically make sense.

```suggestion
Some tasks require more trust and need more access in the Kubernetes organization.
```

> See [Participating in SIG Docs](/docs/contribute/participating/) for a more detailed overview

Reviewer: Plain, simple language.

```suggestion
See [Participating in SIG Docs](/docs/contribute/participating/) for more details about
```

of roles and permissions.

> Kubernetes documentation is managed using a GitHub repository. While we welcome

Reviewer: Avoid the passive voice.

```suggestion
Kubernetes documentation resides in a GitHub repository. While we welcome
```

contributions from anyone, you do need basic comfort with git and GitHub to

> operate well in the Kubernetes community.

Reviewer: Use more precise language.

```suggestion
operate effectively in the Kubernetes community.
```

> At a minimum, do the following to get involved with documentation:

Reviewer: Plain, simple language.

```suggestion
To get involved with documentation:
```

1. Sign the CNCF [Contributor License Agreement](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/CLA.md).

> 2. Familiarize yourself with the [documentation repository](https://github.com/kubernetes/website) and the static site generator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Familiarize yourself with the [documentation repository](https://github.com/kubernetes/website) and the website's [static site generator](https://gohugo.io).
```

> we use for the documentation site, [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> 3. Understand the basic processes around [improving content](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/start/#improve-existing-content) and [reviewing changes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/start/#review-docs-pull-requests).

Reviewer: Processes aren't "around" anything, so this might confuse a non-native speaker.

```suggestion
3. Make sure you understand the basic processes for [improving content](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/start/#improve-existing-content) and [reviewing changes](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/start/#review-docs-pull-requests).
```

## Other ways to contribute

- To contribute to the Kubernetes community through online forums like Twitter or Stack Overflow, or learn about local meetups and Kubernetes events, visit the [Kubernetes community site](/community/).
- To contribute to feature development, read the [contributor cheatsheet](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/contributors/guide/contributor-cheatsheet) to get started.

{{% /capture %}}

{{% capture whatsnext %}}

> - To read more about the basics of contributing to documentation, read [Start contributing](/docs/contribute/start/).

Reviewer: Eliminate "read" twice in one sentence and connect the action to the purpose more explicitly.

```suggestion
- For more information about the basics of contributing to documentation, read [Start contributing](/docs/contribute/start/).
```

> - To understand how SIG Docs uses language in Kubernetes documentation, read the [Style Guide](/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Follow the [Kubernetes documentation style guide](/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/) when proposing changes.
```

> - To understand more about SIG Docs, read [Participating in SIG Docs](/docs/contribute/participating/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more information about SIG Docs, read [Participating in SIG Docs](/docs/contribute/participating/).
```

> - To learn about Kubernetes documentation localization projects, read [Localizing Kubernetes documentation](/docs/contribute/localization/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For more information about localizing Kubernetes docs, read [Localizing Kubernetes documentation](/docs/contribute/localization/).
```
